To whom it may concern,

It is a great pleasure to recommend Egor Khovavko for admission to higher education. After three years of knowing Egor, I reckon that he is a truly exceptional school student, the one you meet once or twice in your teaching career. Egor demonstrates qualities which are characteristic of world-class scientists. His goals are transparent and ambitious; his abilities are exceptional and unique. Finally, his personality is kind and sincere.

Egor is beyond doubt meant to become a prominent young mathematician. He has always been a top 5%, hard-working school student. I have lectured Egor during my Math Olympiad training course from 2024 to 2026. When he started attending the class, he had already covered the whole material by himself. His insights on discussed topics were amazingly valuable and accurate. He has demonstrated unusual willingness to express thoughts asserting that listeners understand him. He has often devoted free time to his peers to explain various complicated concepts covered in the course. Lastly, Egor was the only school student who has managed to solve all the challenging facultative exercises I have proposed.

During our discussions, he has impressed me with his profound understanding of mathematics and I learned that Egor has a strong interest in stochastic processes. Overall, Egor is an extremely promising aspiring young man who exhibits qualities that led many of the greats to success. His comprehension of the subject is tremendous for someone just starting his research career. He understands the most recent and the most complicated concepts of mathematics. His persistence and passion are unusual, even for one of the most successful graduate students. His personality is kind, sincere and full of dedication. I recommend Egor Khovavko with no hesitations. I firmly believe that, in the future, his results will be an essential part of mathematics.

Sincerely,

prof. UG, dr hab. Andrzej Nowik
Professor of Mathematics
Head of Department of Set Theory
